README.md, before:

# README-Generator
  ![Github license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license--blue.svg)
  ## Description
  The purpose of this project was to make it easier for a user to build their own README file through the terminal using node.js. The motivation behind this project was to showcase my newly learned node.js skills that I have learned in the past week of class. The problem my project solves is that it allows a user to spend more time and focus on their project since they would have a more efficient way to create their README file by using my app. I have learned new concepts about node.js and javascript that I have never crossed before. 
  ## Installation
  The first step was to install the json and inquirer packages to the file. The next step I took was to use the require method to use inquirer. Then I started to create the questions for the README. After that I have created the function to create the README file directory so that it stores the text that the user inputs in the terminal. Then I have created the functions for the license badges to appear if chosen in the generateMarkdown file that is inside the utils folder; inside the same file I had to create a function to generate markdown for the README file so that the text would be passed to the README file.
  ## Usage
  Google Drive Video Link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1dabTqdSe9wkMgtmzr1-zBOl7sUrGoWn8/view?usp=sharing

  ## Contributors
  Piero Rodriguez(Me) https://github.com/Piero9992023
  
  ## License
  NONE
  https://opensource.org/licenses/
  
  ## Links
  https://github.com/Piero9992023/README-Generator

Commit message:

added functional table of contents and added new README and screencastify link

README.md, after:

# README-Generator 
  ![Github license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license--blue.svg)
  ## table of contents
  • [Description](#description)
  • [Installation](#installation)
  • [Usage](#usage)
  • [Contributors](#contributors)
  • [License](#license)
  • [Links](#links)
  ## Description
  The purpose of this project was to make it easier for a user to build their own README file through the terminal using node.js. The motivation behind this project was to showcase my newly learned node.js skills that I have learned in the past week of class. The problem my project solves is that it allows a user to spend more time and focus on their project since they would have a more efficient way to create their README file by using my app. I have learned new concepts about node.js and javascript that I have never crossed before. 
  ## Installation
  The first step was to install the json and inquirer packages to the file. The next step I took was to use the require method to use inquirer. Then I started to create the questions for the README. After that I have created the function to create the README file directory so that it stores the text that the user inputs in the terminal. Then I have created the functions for the license badges to appear if chosen in the generateMarkdown file that is inside the utils folder; inside the same file I had to create a function to generate markdown for the README file so that the text would be passed to the README file. 
  ## Usage
  Google Drive/Screencastify Link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1RxuxuQNtyedFGTlVfJgyV6MSn84v8dR-/view 
  ## Contributors
  Piero Rodriguez(Me) https://github.com/Piero9992023 
  ## License
  
  https://opensource.org/licenses/
  ## Links
   https://github.com/Piero9992023/README-Generator
